the days of Logitech rehashing the g15
slightly with every new gaming keyboard
are over their last flagship refresh the
g7 10 plus was a huge departure from the
usual and was their first mechanical
gaming keyboard featuring Cherry MX
switches and the g9 10 the one we'll be
looking at today is a mechanical
keyboard but instead of going with the
industry standard Cherry MX or can't get
enough allocation of cherry standard
kyla they've worked with Omron on a new
exclusive switch type Romer G mechanical
switches want to know if the g9 10 will
take your gaming to the next level watch
on and oh yeah we've got our BenQ
24-inch XL 24 20 G hybrid engine g-sync
gaming monitor video coming soon
lots of gaming stuff coming soon but for
now the intro from December 13th to 20th
2014 you can save on select Intel CPU
Schnucks
and SSDs with special holiday rebates
from select retailers click now to learn
more physical tour time this keyboard
has everything a 140 layout with full
anti-ghosting nine extra macro ready
programmable G keys on the left and top
of the WASD gaming area each of which
can toggle between three different
layers of functionality per profile a
USB to cord with rugged strain
protection media control keys in the top
right including a rubberized volume
wheel nice touch logitech gaming mode to
disable the windows Keys backlight
toggle not one but two included wrist
rests wonderful rubberized angle
adjusters on the bottom a freaking dock
for your phone to sit in so you can like
see in your peripheral vision while
you're gaming and full RGB LED
backlighting on each key so that you can
see that while you're gaming as well so
let's start with the switches shall we
what a roamer G switches exactly well
they were created in partnership with
Omron so you can bet some science went
into the development they feature a 70
million keystroke endurance rating a
one-upmanship fu to Razer sixty million
if I
I saw one they require 45 grams of four
similar to Cherry MX Reds which are very
popular among gamers they actuate after
only 1.5 millimeters of travel compared
to Cherry MX is 2 millimeters they have
a wider base for theoretically less key
wobble although I found them comparable
to a cherry MX keyboard with decent key
caps on it and they were made with
backlighting in mind
featuring a surface mounted RGB LED at
the bottom for better reliability
compared to key switch mounted LEDs and
a light tube down the center of the
switch for more even lighting and less
spillover around the keys compared to
Cherry's RGB design found on the k70 RGB
okay line it's enough reading off
logitech sight what do you think
truthfully it took me a while to decide
they're just so different from anything
that I've used before like rubber domes
as you apply pressure they hold hold
hold hold them seem to collapse with a
bit of a mushy feeling but tactile
sensation but unlike rubber domes they
don't need to be bottom doubt to
register a keystroke making this one of
the most responsive keyboards I have
ever used and not just for gaming
typing - so while hardcore Cherry MX
enthusiasts myself included might not
find the experience that satisfying
especially if you like that crisp sound
of MX blues or greens the performance is
undeniable and for the majority of
gamers out there who are still using
rubber domes Logitech and Omron have
successfully engineered a much better
upgrade that will still feel comfortable
and familiar so I consider the g9 tens
Romer G key switches a smashing success
it's just too bad that Logitech paired
them with the worst key caps I've ever
used in my life the very worst like not
just oh I guess they could tweak this
and optimize that to make it better next
time but like Logitech scrap these
Logitech calls these performance facet
key caps and instead of being gently
curved to embrace your fingers as they
press down on them they have this harsh
angular shape to them that makes about
much sense to me as a shirt made out of
square folded cardboard the idea is that
they keep your fingers centered on the
keys and also improve performance when
they're struck on the edge this is meant
to be beneficial for extremely high APM
gaming but even though based on
programmer feedback they've supposedly
reduced the height of the ridges once
already I just found myself getting
caught on them when moving quickly
between keys so they actually slow me
down
unless I take a higher less efficient
path between keys and then to make
matters worse they aren't even all the
same making it really hard to get used
to them the printing on the arrow keys
and WASD I guess is designed to help you
feel your way back without looking but
it just feels weird on the fingers then
the gaming half of the keyboard so the
left gets three angled grooves while
everything else gets too and when I say
everything I mean not everything because
some random stuff like the left cap
shift and control are mostly flat and
the windows key is convex what on earth
were they thinking and then the supreme
deal-breaker here is that because these
aren't cherry MX keys which is the stems
are not compatible so you'll good luck
finding sensible replacements if you
otherwise really like the g9 10
what a shame because there's stuff I
really like about it I see a Logitech
getting flack about the arcs dock but as
an original g15 user who isn't trying to
cram a tablet or a phablet into it it's
a welcome addition for me the app does
still need some work like I'm not sure
who derped and put the tabs which are at
the bottom where it's almost impossible
to reach without mashing your f keys but
you can switch profiles monitor some
rudimentary system info and use your
phone as a media remote and more
importantly you can see notifications on
your phone as they come in without
paying like 20 bucks for a phone stand
so Rock'em Logitech and while we're on
the subject of rock and stuff aside from
the media and profile keys being stuck
orange and blue for some reason the RGB
backlighting looks great on this
keyboard even the stylized keys I'm the
ones with words printed on them are
really evenly lit and Logitech software
is easier to use than Corsairs and
includes a grater for
of lighting effects then razors did the
last time I looked at it
there's breathing with speed control a
twinkling star effect with customizable
colors a full spectrum color cycle with
speed control configurable color waves
that go horizontal top-down or out from
the center with speed control and a two
color reactive typing mode with speed
control there's also a mode that shows
the active game keys while gaming
depending on your profile another that
allows you to set up different zones
with different colors and finally
freestyle mode which lets you set every
K a different color if you desire
they've still got some work to do here
other than setting a dimmer version of a
color or turning the key of the
backlight off entirely with a button
there's no brightness control
you can't save and recall favorite
freestyle designs without manually
recreating them and lighting can't
change on a per profile basis but it's a
very decent starting point they've got
time to fix those things and that's what
I think the G 910 is it's a starting
point for Roemer G switches which I
think have a very bright future
once they're surrounded by a keyboard
that isn't let down by other poor design
choices which reminds me I haven't even
talked about the wrist rest yet Logitech
includes two wrist rests in the box but
instead of having like a stylized gamer
one with a nice wide resting area on for
the left hand and then nothing for the
right and then a symmetrical one since
most of the gamers I know also type from
time to time and it's nice to have both
wrists on the wrist rest they include
two different size gamer ones I yeah
speaking of different sizes are you sick
of having to select a specific size for
your phone plan before you know how much
you're actually going to use if so you
might want to check out ting a mobile
service provider in the US that has a
great December promo going on right now
so from now until January 5th if you
break your other contract to switch to
ting they will cover 50% of your fee by
giving you up to one hundred and fifty
bucks per device in service credit this
is double their normal offer to cover
25% of your fee now considering that
their average monthly bill per device is
$26 that could be a pretty darn
significant savings for you and if you
use our referral
that's Linus ENCOM you can actually get
another $25 in service credit or $25
towards a new device so checkout ting
and try out their savings calculator
because you don't have to commit to
switch until you've already determined
that you'll save money you enter your
last three bills it spits out how much
you would be paying on ting and as long
as you've got good sprint service in
your area that's the network they're
running on then you'll be having well
good cell service and you'll be paying
less for it so guys thank you for
watching this video like this video if
you liked it dislike it if you just
liked it leave a comment letting me know
your thoughts on the G 910 we did
receive a lot of requests for review so
I'm sure you guys have opinions about it
thanks again for watching right there's
links in the video description bye cool
t-shirts like this one give us a monthly
contribution and change your amazon
bookmark to one with our affiliate code
if you feel like supporting the show
that kind of stuff helps us out a lot
thanks again and don't forget to
subscribe
I forgot that one